# Homework-4-Queues-CSE-214-

Firstly, a customer will enter one of the restaurants. The probability of a customer entering a diner will be determined by user input. Note that a maximum of three customers per diner can enter a restaurant during a simulation unit. If there is an empty spot present at the same restaurant that the customer is waiting in, the customer will be seated at that restaurant. If the restaurant is full, then the customer will leave.

When the customer is finally seated at a restaurant, they will choose the food that they want at random. There are five options: a cheeseburger, steak, grilled cheese, chicken tenders, and chicken wings. Each food has an equal probability of being chosen by the customer. Steak takes on average 30 minutes to make, and costs 25 dollars. Chicken wings takes on average 30 minutes to make, and costs 20 dollars. A cheeseburger takes on average 25 minutes to make, and costs 15 dollars. Chicken Tenders takes on average 25 minutes to make, and costs 10 dollars. Grilled Cheese takes on average 15 minutes to make, and costs 10 dollars.

The definition of "average" on the menu is defined as a diner with 3 chefs. The number of chefs for each diner will remain constant throughout each restaurant, and this number will be generated by user input. If there are more than 3 chefs, the amount of time it takes to make the food decreases by 5 minutes for every extra chef, up to a realistic maximum of 10 more minutes of efficiency. If there are less than 3 chefs, each missing chef will increase the average by 5 minutes. You should always have at least one chef in the kitchen.

Once the customer has received their food, they will take 15 minutes to eat. Please note that one simulation unit elapses 5 minutes of time. When they are done eating, they will pay their bill and leave the restaurant. You should keep track of the amount of money gained at the end of the day and the average time of each order. You should also keep track of the number of customers that ran out of patience and left the restaurant because there was no space.
